So let's finish the article.
You can see that we have trouble cut category and then what this play in they category come kids here
between the quotes and the glossy and square brackets.
I'm going out there.
Beach.
And if they get a hit in the sand we're printing for you on the Web site and in the sanguine interpreting
three of them are going at three right here save the changes and we'll
know you can see we only got three for example.
You can also order these they way that you went to for example and when I order ordered by price save
this and relo and you can have 50 then and two and three.
But remember we added a probe that was twenty eight dollars.
And it's not been printed.
Well you can order that.
So for example we can order there are these I send them and gloat
or send them.
Now you can see if it does or descendant.
Now we have the most expensive right here.
And then we have 50 and then we have them.
So if you have send it's like is going to bring these but it's going to start from here.
A cheaper one than the other.
And then they is going to ignore the most expensive one because we've had only four products in this
category.
So this is some of the adjustments that you can make.
So finally before we finish.
You can see that I added columns to read right here.
So right here I'm going to add one final value is going to be called Gollum's equals and I'm going to
have nine right here.
So if I had reichlich and inspect these you can see that we have columns three and one half columns
nine.
So in the next video we're going to start working with some success and make some adjustments to this
these correctly.